README.md, before:

---
page_type: sample
description: "A minimal sample app that can be used to demonstrate deploying Django apps to Azure App Service on Linux."
languages:
- python
products:
- azure
- azure-app-service
---

# Python Django sample for Azure App Service (Linux)

This is a minimal Django app, without a database, that can be deployed to Azure App Service on Linux.

For instructions on running and deploying the code, see [Quickstart: Create a Python app in Azure App Service on Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/quickstart-python).

## Changes to Django settings

This sample contains two modifications in the file *django_hello/settings.py*:

- `ALLOWED_HOSTS` is set to include the value of the `WEBSITE_HOSTNAME` environment variable, if present. Azure App Service automatically sets this environment variable upon deployment to the app's URL.

- The `DATABASES` object is commented out (using """) so that the app doesn't attempt to use a database at all. To use a database, remove the comments and modify the values as appropriate for your database.

## Contributing

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

- Changing project to conect with database;

README.md, after:

---
services: app-service\web,app-service
platforms: python
author: cephalin
---

as
# Django and PostgreSQL sample for Azure App Service

This samples is a simple Django app that connects to a PostgreSQL database. The sample is used with the following tutorials:

- [Deploy a Django web app with PostgreSQL in Azure App Service (Azure CLI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/containers/tutorial-python-postgresql-app).
- [Deploy a Django web app with PostgreSQL using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/tutorial-python-postgresql-app-portal).

When deployed to Azure App Service, the database connection information is specified via environment variables `DBHOST`, `DBPASS`, `DBUSER`, and `DBNAME`. This app always uses the default PostgreSQL port. See the tutorials for more information.

## Change log

- 27 Oct 2020: Possible breaking change: removed use of the `DJANGO_ENV` environment variable to switch between local and production settings. The code instead triggers the selection using the `WEBSITE_HOSTNAME` environment variable, which is defined when the code is running inside the the Azure App Service container. See manage.py and azuresite/wsgi.py.

- 12 Oct 2020: **BREAKING CHANGE**: The `DBHOST` environment variable is expected to contain *only* the server name, not the full URL, which is constructed at run time (see azuresite/production.py). Similarly, `DBUSER` is expected to contain only the user name, not username@servername as before, because using the simpler `DBHOST` the code can also construct the correct login form at run time (again in azuresite/production.py), avoiding failures that arise when `DBUSER` lacks the @servername portion.  

## Contributing

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
